{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Q: What Video Game system released after the Nintendo 64?\
a. Virtual Boy\
b. Nintendo GameSphere\

\b c. Nintendo GameCube
\b0 \
d. Nintendo Wii\
\
\
\
Q: What color combination do Mario and Luigi currently wear?\
a. Mario has red overalls and a blue shirt. Luigi has green overalls and a red shirt.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 b. Mario has blue overalls and a red shirt. Luigi has blue overalls and a green shirt.\

\b0 c. Mario has red overalls and a blue shirt. Luigi has green overalls and a blue shirt.\
d. Mario has blue overalls and a red shirt. Luigi has green overalls and a blue shirt.\
\
\
\
Q: Before making Video Games what did Nintendo originally produce?\

\b a. Playing Cards
\b0 \
b. Toys\
c. Computers\
d. Transistors\
\
\
\
Q: Which Video Game Franchise is NOT Nintendo\'92s?\
a. Mario\
b. Donkey Kong \
c. Mr. Game & Watch Series \

\b d. Castlevania
\b0 \
\
Q: Which is Nintendo\'92s 16-bit System?\
a. Gameboy Advance\
b. Nintendo Entertainment System (NES)\

\b c. Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES)
\b0 \
d. Game Boy Color\
\
\
\
Q: What NEW feature did the Nintendo Wii have over its previous system?\
a. Ability to play DVD\'92s\
b. High Definition Graphics\

\b c. Motion Controls
\b0 \
d. Wireless Controllers\
\
\
\
Q: Who is Shigeru Miyamoto?\
a. The founder of Nintendo\

\b b. Video Game designer and producer for Nintendo
\b0 \
c. Nintendo\'92s President\
d. Creator of the Super Smash Bros. franchise\
\
\
\
Q: What power does the Green Mushroom in Super Mario Bros. give you?\
a.  Awards a 1000 points\
b. Give Mario the ability to fly\
c. Makes Mario grow\

\b d. Give the player another Life
\b0 \
\
\
\
Q: What is the best-selling Nintendo handheld of all time?\
The system in question sold an estimated 154 million units since launch.\
\
A. Nintendo Game Boy\
B. Nintendo Game Boy Advance\

\b C. Nintendo DS
\b0 \
D. Nintendo 3DS \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The Nintendo DS is the second-best selling video game system of all time, second only to the Sony PlayStation 2.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
Q: What was Mario's original name?\

\b A. Jumpman\

\b0 B. Big Red\
C. Luigi\
D. Squattin' Sam\
\
Actually, Mario had a few alternate names: He was listed as "Jumpman" in the English instructions for Donkey Kong, while designer Shigeru Miyamoto named him "Mr. Video."\
\
The character's name was eventually changed to Mario in honor of the company's US landlord.\
}